I just hope it's soon because politics and political movements shouldn't use children to meet their priorities.''Republicans are expected to approve their own narrower bill on Thursday on how to regulate managed care providers.Feinstein also recalled that she was mentioned in the same way in 1984, when thenDemocratic nominee Walter Mondale selected New York Rep. Geraldine Ferraro as his vice presidential running mate.Feinstein is frequently mentioned as a potential running mate for the Democratic presidential nominee in 2000.``Failure to disclose is the senator's responsibility,'' Campbell said.     WASHINGTON _ After three weeks of lobbying and 25 different versions of a censure resolution condemning President Clinton but not convicting him, Sen. Dianne Feinstein still couldn't find the magic language.     WASHINGTON _ Sen. Dianne Feinstein, DCalif., said Wednesday that the ``time is right'' for a woman to be on the Democratic ticket _ but she bristled at the notion that she is the most likely candidate.``The president's behavior was immoral, deplorable and indefensible,'' Feinstein said.Feinstein was watching at home, and ``my gut went, `Oooohhh,' '' she said.Feinstein said ``the body language'' and the ``directness of the statement'' convinced her he was telling the truth and she believed that for seven months.``A woman with U.S. Senate and big city mayoral experience who happens to be from the nation's largest state _ Wow!''But if she were to serve two terms as vice president, Feinstein would be 75 by the time she sought the presidency _ older than Ronald Reagan when he ran for reelection.She comes from the same ideological wing of the party as VicePresident Gore and former Sen. Bill Bradley, the only two Democratic presidential candidates.Feinstein, however, said ``a gold chain, a baseball cap, a trip to Disney Land and American razzledazzle'' are confusing the 6yearold boy.     WASHINGTON _ Declaring that the power of a million moms can defeat the gun lobby, California Sen. Dianne Feinstein introduced legislation Tuesday to require that gun owners obtain licenses and register their firearms.For instance, Sen. Mike DeWine, ROhio, has argued that the Senate cannot censure a president because it would violate the separationofpowers clause in the Constitution.Spearheading the amendment is Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Orrin G. Hatch, RUtah.