The Piper Saratoga vanished from radar screens after a rapid descent at 9:38 p.m. Friday, about an hour into his flight and about 17 miles away from Martha's Vineyard airport.Kennedy's plane may have crashed, he said, because of ``something that suddenly overcame him.''Until the plane is found, there is no way to say whether an earlier search would have made a difference in the survival chances of Kennedy, his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, or her sister, Lauren Bessette.``This is a family that has endured a lot of incredible heartbreak,'' Bush said Monday.There was no horizon, no light.  WASHINGTON, July 17   A small plane carrying John F. Kennedy Jr., son of the former U.S. president, was reported missing early Saturday, and a search was under way off the coast of New York's Long Island, official sources said.Budd said he was with airport operations at Martha's Vineyard, then mentioned Kennedy's name and provided two possible aircraft numbers for Kennedy's plane.``You can't let ......George W. Bush addressing the families.Meanwhile, the National Transportation Safety Board, which investigates all plane crashes, announced it will conduct an investigation of the plane's disappearance.The three bodies, found at 110 feet, about seven miles off the coast of Martha's Vineyard, were raised at about 4:30 p.m.      Just after noon, Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, wearing shorts and looking exhausted, boarded a Coast Guard helicopter at his compound in nearby Hyannis Port and was taken to a Navy salvage ship, the U.S.S.He then began his descent toward Martha's Vineyard, though Pearce said his precise rate of descent was not clear.Cami Stephens of Hyannis, watching the Briscoe return to Woods Hole, said she wanted to bid farewell to Kennedy, someone she knew and admired.Kennedy was dressed in white slacks and Tshirt; his wife, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy, wore black pants and black Tshirt, and another woman was wearing a beige dress, he said.Excitement that the plane might have been found was triggered Sunday when Coast Guard officials said a beacon signal was heard at about 3:30 p.m. by a huge Air Force C130 that has been providing inflight air control for the intensive air, water, and land search that began early Saturday.``To John John from a Cuban exile,'' read one note, written in Spanish and wrapped around a large bundle of red roses.