The president, a saxophone player who played in his high school band, has long championed the cause of preserving music programs in schools.
 Mayor Paul Schell rode into office as the arts mayor, heavily backed by the city's arts groups.
The theory is that although classical music has a calming effect on anyone, it is especially important to young children, whose minds are quickly developing and who need positive stimuli.
The Ministry of Education has required localities to further increase investment in educational technologies, and to guarantee that the investment grows annually.
Dance is an indispensable part of the curriculum for all 750 students at Public School 156, along with music, art and creative writing.
The Roundabout Theater sends teaching artists to 40 classrooms in the city for 10 visits each.
The district is 35 percent Hispanic, and like Lercari, Niss said that Hispanic children arriving in school without knowledge of English ``are acquiring the language more quickly'' after their exposure to the music program.
The study, which tracked more than 25,000 students for more than   10 years, found that students who reported consistently high levels  of involvement with instrumental music scored significantly higher  on math tests by the 12th grade.
 A philanthropic foundation wants to reassert   the value of the arts and culture in the United States by spending  $50 million over the next five years to arts causes.
He's against centralization, as it turns out, preferring to continue to distribute arts funding not only through the commission but through community parks, libraries, community centers and the Neighborhood Matching Funds.
It's a matter of   something happening with the arts for the kids,'' Catterall said.
But it's not just mood that Mayner, and many other parents, are concerned with.
But there's something else fueling the rush to Mozart, too, Steele says with a laugh.
Carnegie Hall tried to improve on this with help from Columbia University's Teachers College and Educational Testing Services.
``The hard part now is the implementation,'' said Don Dustin, the district's director of visual and performing arts.
