The EU foreign ministers' meeting on Monday turned down a Greek proposal to adopt a common condemnation of Turkey concerning the two countries' dispute over an Aegean islet.
Greece has repeatedly said that it supports Turkey in its efforts to join EU but the condition is that Ankara must improve its human rights record and its relations with Athens.
In his part, Lake said that maintaining a good relationship is in accordance with the economic interests of both Turkey and the EU.
This will be to the benefit of all our citizens," EU Foreign Affairs Commissioner Hans van den Broek said at a press conference.
The European Commission released Thursday its first set of regular reports assessing the progress towards EU membership of 12 candidate countries, including 10 central and eastern European countries and Cyprus and Turkey.
The proposed ESDI envisages the establishment of a decision- making structure over defense under the EU, which would be independent of the United States-led NATO and would exclude non-EU members.
 Turkey tonight accused the European Parliament of voting to block European Union's aid to Turkey.
"We expect the European Union to take the decision for the implementation of the financial assistance, an indispensable factor...in the customs union, as soon as possible," said the statement.
In a press statement issued following his meeting with Solana, Turkish President Suleyman Demirel said that Turkey will not support the enlargement of the NATO because the EU does not admit Turkey into the regional alliance.
 Turkey said Wednesday it wants the European Union to make it a formal candidate for membership at its summit later this week.
The relations between Turkey and EU have been soured after EU leaders decided last December not to accept Turkey as an official new member candidate, though they did not rule out its candidacy in the future.
 Turkey's leading human rights activist was released from prison Saturday and said he hoped to be the last person jailed in Turkey under laws curbing freedom of expression.
