The NLD has said that representatives of the Chin, Rakhine and Mon ethnic groups were among those arrested in the latest crackdown, while the All Burma Students Democratic Front said more than 900 democracy activists have been arrested since May.
Since Sunday, the military has arrested more than 300 of members of Suu Kyi's political party, the National League for Democracy, to prevent it from convening the parliament elected in 1990.
``As two of the largest markets for heroin in the world, the   United States and Britain bear a special responsibility to work  with the rest of the international community in every way  possible,'' Home Affairs Minister Col. Tin Hlaing said in his  opening address.
 The British embassy in Yangon denied allegations in Myanmar's state-run press that opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi is a British citizen, while military-run newspapers on Friday renewed threats to deport the Nobel laureate.
Washington and other critics say the military regime in Myanmar,   also known as Burma, has failed to seriously crack down on drugs  and has such a poor human rights record that it does not deserve  the legitimacy conferred by the conference.
In armed opposition to the Myanmar government, the Lahu, the ABSDF and the MTA reportedly operate in the Myanmar-Thai border areas.
The democrats, who overwhelmingly won Burma's last free elections, have called for a halt to foreign investment and many categories of aid.
The NLD won 82 percent of the seats in the parliament, but despite promising to hand over power to the winners before the poll took place, the military refused to honor the result.
``Thailand is a democratic country and the military government in Burma killed many people in 1988.
According to official statistics, more than 500 members from various anti-government armed groups "exchanged arms for peace" with the government last year.
 The United States and European countries   were rebuked Tuesday for passing up an international heroin  conference because it was in Myanmar, one of the world's biggest  producers of the drug.
