The daily exchange rates released by the central bank would include the single currency, too, he said.
In order to seize the opportunity to share in the start up of the euro, which is scheduled for January 1, 1999, the Bulgarian government adopted a system of monetary commission on July 1, 1997, and established a connection between the Bulgarian lev and the German mark.
 The mass printing of the banknotes of the single European currency, the euro, would be started at the beginning of 1999, the European Central Bank  announced in Frankfurt Friday.
Duisenberg emphasized that the priority of the new economic zone is price stability, adding that the bank does not plan to encourage the euro's use as an investment or transaction currency, or to use it as an instrument of foreign policy.
European Union's single-currency plan will take effect in 11 of its member states on January 1, 1999, when the euro will become a currency in the financial sense, but will first be used only in cashless tradings.
This will mean substantial changes for our products, the housing market and the economy as a whole.
"If the euro proves stable, Thailand will use it as part of our international reserves," a government official was quoted as saying.
The summit has also confirmed candidates for the presidency of the European Central Bank.
Germany is in "an advanced stage" of experimenting striking the euro, while other European nations which will join euro are due to begin producing the coin next year.
In countries such as Sweden, France, Spain, Italy, Greece and Portugal, more than 80 percent people feel to be "not very well informed" or "not at all informed".
According to statistics, the EU is the most important commercial partner of Romania, with the bilateral trade making up 60 percent of Romanian total foreign trade.
A combined European Union market is expected to be helpful for Thai exporters to gain more excess into the market.
 France has already struck one billion coins of the European single currency euro, which will be launched by January 1999, reported Agence France-Presse  on Thursday.
