In response to a memorandum by Amnesty International on human rights situation in Kenya, the Kenyan leader told the visiting Amnesty International delegation led by Secretary General Pierre Sane that his government appreciated constructive criticism made in good faith.
``In the last few years, Amnesty International has repeatedly raised concern about the persistent practice on the part of the army and the police in the north and east to allow  members of armed Tamil groups opposed to the LTTE to carry out search operations or screen civilians,'' Amnesty International said in a statement.
Earlier this month, the U.N. war crimes tribunal investigating human rights violations in Yugoslavia announced that it was sending investigators to Kosovo.
 Despite its human rights pledges, Britain's Labor Party government continues selling arms to countries such as Indonesia and Algeria, and seeks to deter political asylum seekers, Amnesty International said Tuesday.
But according to the Justice Ministry's draft law, most of the commission members will be government officials or people recommended by the justice minister and appointed by the president.
The government said the mandate of the mission, which was set up following the 1994 genocide, was due for review.
He demanded that both Israel and the Palestinian National Authority  ban policies that violate human rights.
The human rights group called for an impartial retrial of Jose Rainha Jr., one of the leaders of the Landless Rural Workers Movement and said he was a potential prisoner of conscience, in a report that was to be issued Wednesday.
 The Amnesty International human rights group urged Indonesia on Monday to allow a fact-finding team to investigate accusations that the military abducted and tortured pro-democracy activists.
His wife, Gillian, also a liberal South African, is a secretary in Amnesty International's press office in London.
Referring to the constitutional reforms, the vice-president said that after the general elections this year, a commission would be appointed to review the Kenya constitution.
