Each has until Friday to submit proposed remedies to U.S. District Judge Thomas Penfield Jackson, who ruled on April 3 that Microsoft illegally used its dominance in the operating systems market to hurt competition.
But the Justice Department asked him Thursday for an opportunity to reply to Microsoft's comments on the government's remedy proposal.
The U.S. government has strengthened its antitrust efforts in recent years as the market competitions are more and more fierce and complicated.
The risks for Jackson in the ruling, the legal experts said, included his decision to deny Microsoft new hearings on whether to break up the company or impose some lesser remedy after he had decided it abused its monopoly power.
But despite the reprimand, the Japanese antitrust agency also stated that Microsoft's business practices ``cannot be immediately found to have tended to impede fair competition'' in the market for browser software in Japan.
At one point, David Boies, the Justice Department's lead trial lawyer, said Microsoft's business strategy was based on trying to ``bribe and coerce'' other companies in the computer industry.
He asserted that Microsoft repeatedly offered IBM better terms and prices for Windows if it favored Microsoft products ranging from so-called office productivity applications to its Internet browsing software.
The government and Microsoft have been summoned to Chicago on Tuesday for their first round of settlement talks under Richard Posner, the federal appeals court judge who has been selected as a mediator, according to a person close to the antitrust case.
``If there was a final ruling in the contract case, it would have far more direct impact on the antitrust case,'' said Litan, who is now at the Brookings Institution.
``Microsoft has been held accountable for its illegal conduct by a court of law.''
 A U.S. federal judge ordered Wednesday Microsoft Corp. to be split in two separate companies to correct antitrust violations.
Microsoft officials have said they will appeal Judge Jackson's ruling and expect to prevail.
 and he raises doubts that it does _ Microsoft might well have violated the law.
