 About 1,000 hard-liners, many of them militia volunteers, demonstrated outside Tehran University on Tuesday, shouting that the religious edict against writer Salman Rushdie remained in force.
The pledge shows the continuing division over Rushdie, who was condemned to death in 1989 after the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the founding spiritual leader of the Islamic republic, ruled that his book ``The Satanic Verses'' was blasphemous.
 The British government said Wednesday that it would continue to press Iran to lift the death sentence against the author Salman Rushdie when its foreign secretary, Robin Cook, meets the Iranian foreign minister in New York on Thursday.
An observer here said that with U.S. pressure mounting on Iran, Iranian authorities have decided to solve the Rushdie issue to gain cooperation of the European Union.
It pointed out that the government's position has for several years been not to seek Rushdie's death.
Mostafa Mirsalim, Minister of Culture and Islamic Guidance, said at a press conference held last week that Iran will take the case of insulting religious sanctities like the Rushdie affair to the United Nations.
Since then, the Rushdie issue has turned into a big controversial problem that hinders the relations between Iran and European countries.
 Salman Rushdie says his life has improved   since Iran distanced itself last year from a death sentence against  him.
But a foundation that initially offered dlrs 2.5 million to anyone who kills Rushdie raised the reward to dlrs 2.8 million.
Iranian President Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani said at a press conference this morning that "the death sentence was never meant to be carried out."
Iranian authorities reportedly face tremendous pressure and opposition from the religious extremists inside the country on the issue.
The students had earlier delivered a letter of protest to the Foreign Ministry, the paper said.
Rafsanjani's Monday statement on Rushdie has drawn criticism from a national newspaper Jomhuri Eslami.
