Since then, federal agents have conducted wide searches of the forests in western North Carolina and maintained a headquarters in Andrews.
Rudolph had last been reported seen at a video store in Murphy on Jan. 30.
Rudolph, 33, is charged in three Atlanta bombings: the deadly explosion at Centennial Olympic Park during the Atlanta Games on July 27, 1996, and the blasts in 1997 at an abortion clinic in the Atlanta area and The Otherside Lounge, a gay and lesbian nightclub.
 An old pickup truck federal investigators believe was stolen almost two weeks ago by Birmingham bomb suspect Eric Robert Rudolph was driven a ''few dozen miles'' over four days before it was abandoned in a remote Nantahala camp site, the head of the Southeast Bomb Task Force said Wednesday.
Story Filed By Cox Newspapers      For Use By Clients of the New York Times News Service
Although Nordmann did not report to authorities he had seen Rudolph or that his pickup was missing until Saturday, he is not believed to have supplied the suspected bomber with his truck or with food.
Enderson said that the man identified as Rudolph had appeared on Thursday evening at a residence near Nantahala Lake, not far from where Rudolph once lived.
Investigators also suspect he was involved in a January 1998  explosion that killed a police officer and maimed a nurse at the  New Woman All Women Health Care clinic in Birmingham, Ala.
A reward of $1 million has been offered for information leading to his arrest.
''This remains a difficult and potentially dangerous day and night search operation,'' Enderson said.
``We think we have the resources that we will find him,'' said Woody Enderson, the FBI agent who directs the multiagency Southeast Bombing Task Force.
``He had stolen another six months worth, or at least as much as he had before,'' Enderson said Tuesday.
``We have reason to believe he has firearms and we are approaching it that way,'' Enderson said.
``Everything we know about him leads us to believe that he will not leave this area.''
