Under the Oslo peace accords, Israel troops should complete the pullback from the rural areas of the West Bank by September 1997 after the Hebron redeployment by last March.
The talks began on October 15 and resulted in the new interim agreement signed at the White House last Friday by Netanyahu, Arafat and U.S. President Bill Clinton.
Reports reaching here from the plantation said that after nine days of intensive talks, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat reached an agreement on issues discussed.
The latest round of war of words came at a time when the Israeli-Palestinian peace process is deeply deadlocked over Israel's prolonged delay in carrying out further troop redeployment in the West Bank.
The council meeting's main topic is whether Arafat would announce the formation of an independent Palestinian state in the teritories on May 4 this year, when the five-year Palestinian self-rule transitional period expires under the 1993 Oslo Accords.
But no breakthrough has been achieved so far, as the Palestinian side has turned down a U.S. proposal on a 13 percent withdrawal in the second redeployment, which is to be implemented in two phases according to the PNA's fulfillment of its obligations.
Netanyahu opposes unilateral Palestinian statehood declaration, threatening to annex parts of the West Bank now under Israeli control.
 A senior Palestinian National Authority  official Thursday urged Israel to implement the Oslo accords and the Hebron agreement in a bid to move the Mideast peace process forward.
Today, however, the Palestinians are still struggling to get a small portion of the land.
We will make sure that we will stand firm on the principles of security and reciprocity," he said.
Israel has to transfer the remaining West Bank territories except some military zones and Jewish settlements to the Palestinians under the Oslo accords.
 Palestine Liberation Organization  Central Council started its discussions here Tuesday on the issue of the establishment of an independent Palestinian state.
