He also disclosed the results of other cases in which so-called angiogenesis inhibitors, of which endostatin is one, have proved to be powerful cancer fighters.
However, the company says it is effective in only about 40 percent  of the people who take it.
For people like Mrs. Buchanan, with clear signs of liver damage, doctors strongly recommend treatment.
The vast majority of people with chronic hepatitis C carry the virus indefinitely, apparently with few ill effects.
Kalesnik's tumor, called a giant cell tumor, was of a type that doesn't spread through the body but kills through sheer size.
By obtaining the Ribavirin from Fisher's and the interferon from another supplier, the prison system will reduce the cost of the combination therapy to about $5,000 per patient, Calhoun said.
People infected 20 or 30 years ago are now discovering they may have a problem.
It is being marketed as Rebetron by Schering-Plough, which paid for two studies published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.
Rebetron, made by the Schering-Plough Corp., was approved in June only for patients who had relapsed after taking interferon drugs, the only other approved treatment for the disease.
A research laboratory in California also is working on a vaccine, says Good Samaritan's Leibowitz, that could be used one day to immunize all newborns in the same way infants are currently vaccinated against hepatitis B.
Dr. Leonard Seeff, a senior scientist for hepatitis C research at the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive Diseases, said, ``The inference from the word `epidemic' is that people are getting infected like crazy, and that's not so.''
Hepatitis C is spread by blood and affects an estimated 3.9   million people in the United States.
The AIDS groups began showing hepatitis patients how to do battle with big drug companies.
Folkman said Monday that in about 80 cancer patients, mostly children, the drugs destroyed growths that would have killed them.
Although conceding that better treatments are needed, he says he can offer patients hope.
