After suffering stomach pains for three weeks, Coelho checked into hospital in Washington Monday night.
Spector was deputy communications director of the 1996   Clinton-Gore campaign and was involved in several national  political campaigns before that.
 Vice President Al Gore, in a show of   political force to kick off his 2000 presidential campaign, secured  the endorsements Monday of House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt and  party stalwarts from the early battleground states of New Hampshire  and Iowa.
He has trailed two Republicans, former American Red  Cross President Elizabeth Dole and Texas Gov.
In addition, Gore could find that many voters, including Democrats, are turned off by a candidate aligned so closely to a president who has encountered so many personal difficulties.
Jackson added in an interview on CNN that he may compete against Gore for the Democratic nomination in order to ``broaden the base of our party.''
About 80 people attended the fund-raiser for Gore, where a   spokesman for his presidential campaign said the campaign expected  to net about $150,000 from the visit.
And Gore 2000 officials readily acknowledged that the campaign needs rehabilitation in the wake of a stronger than expected challenge from former New Jersey Sen. Bill Bradley.
``Now is the time for  all of us to be out in front for him.
The vice president also said GOP-sponsored tax cuts could lead to reductions in federal aid to education.
And at the Kmart near his new headquarters on the west side of downtown Nashville, Gore's decision to run his presidential campaign from Tennessee was widely praised by customers.
Gore's fund raising in the 1996 re-election campaign of President Clinton came under scrutiny of Congress and the Justice Department.
That has caused some Democrats to wish out loud that Kennedy would announce an endorsement.
 who will tour California with him _ as well as other state Democratic leaders.
 U.S. Vice President Al Gore said Wednesday that he is moving his campaign to State of Tennessee.
