If Clinton is to survive the scandal, ``he will need to show he will continue to be a strong president,'' Feinstein said.
``We did a lot together,'' Boxer told 50 supporters Thursday at an event in Stockton highlighting her support for the 1994 crime bill, which provided funding for 173 new police officers in that city.
The Citizens Flag Alliance, a group pushing the amendment, says it can count 64 senators for the amendment, which needs 67 votes or two-thirds of the senators present to pass.
Her popularity in California is one reason she is frequently mentioned as a possible running mate for Vice President Al Gore, should he win the Democratic presidential nomination.
Asked how her gut reacted when she saw that Campbell began this campaign with a call for a national sales tax and a drug giveaway, Feinstein said, ``My gut relaxed.''
Feinstein said Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott, R-Miss., had agreed to take up her resolution following Senate action on the two articles of impeachment now being tried.
 Sen. Dianne Feinstein detoured from the Democratic leadership Thursday, vowing to vote this fall for a Republican-led constitutional amendment that would empower Congress to ban flag desecration.
But when you want to buy a gun, no license is necessary,'' Feinstein said.
Feinstein said she turned down an offer from one of Clinton's aides to talk with the president about the Lewinsky affair.
She said the Million Mom March is just ``the beginning of an effort to mobilize women.''
But she said, ``I think the time is right'' for a woman on the ticket.
The legislation has been stalled in a conference committee for more than 10 months.
Feinstein said the political climate in Washington will change if Democrats prevail in November's election.
With just days before the election, both Boxer and Fong are crisscrossing the state.
``If you don't have generic drugs, you effectively say that people in Africa are not going to get the treatment that can sustain life,'' Feinstein said in an interview.
However, they were not approved by the House and are now languishing in a conference committee.
