The $3.9 billion Theater High Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD, has been plagued with problems, and it failed six earlier tests.
The threat of a nuclear attack by a small power ``is clearly   very prominent'' as an area of concern, far more so than just a few  years ago, Holum said.
The antimissile missile has technology that is the most sophisticated military weaponry, and it would contribute to development of a system that could protect the United States.
 The Pentagon's fifth missile defense system failed to intercept a target on Tuesday, the Defense Department said in a statement.
 such as an ''in-flight interceptor communication system'' used to send information from the ground radar to the interceptor missile -- that will be used in the next attempt to shoot down a mock warhead in space.
 Legislation approved Thursday by the House and   sent to the White House would commit the United States to an  anti-missile national defense system.
 The U.S. military successfully tested an anti-missile defense system Thursday by destroying a missile with another one high over New Mexico State, the Defense Department said.
The sensors of the current missile defense system are not able to distinguish decoy balloons from those that contain nuclear warheads.
The Republican-controlled Congress has been pressing for such a system to be deployed by 2003.
But he added that Pentagon would press forward with the 15 billion U.S. dollar program.
A land-based national missile defense system, under study by the   Clinton administration, would cost an estimated $10.5 billion to  build and, if approved, wouldn't be deployed until 2005.
Now in its initial test stage, the sensor is designed to be mounted on small rockets to collide with enemy nuclear warheads once they are identified and tracked.
Russia has opposed construction of a U.S.  missile defense system, saying it violates the 1972 Anti-Ballistic  Missile treaty.
The missile hit the missile range about three kilometers north of the launch site.
