The library has also agreed to allow scholars wishing to consult works catalogued as ``V'' class, which accounts for most of the culinary collections, to do so soon in the rare book room.
Jonas said he cannot think of any members of the civil rights movement who sold their papers to the Library of Congress or other institution.
It is unclear whether the payments the King family will receive from the library will be used to maintain official documents like the SCLC papers that are still housed at the King Center.
Many items can be located through an automated system of finding aids developed over the last five years by a group that has included university librarians, the Society of American Archivists and the Library of Congress.
With help from experts at New York University, the New-York Historical Society is trying to digitize one of the great American history collections.
``We will be using it to explore how to preserve digital materials, and how to provide access to these materials.''
His allowance comes from privately collected money, as does  $20,000 each for three special consultants he will have for the  first time this year.
''Jefferson gave us the rationale for today's library,'' says Cole who is also director of the Library's Center for the Book.
The National Endowment for the Humanities has supported this and other projects throughout the country to make cultural resources available on the Internet.
From there, it was easy to navigate to a collection of World War I photographs, one of them showing a German zeppelin brought down in an English field.
James H. Billington, the librarian of Congress, who commissioned the study two years ago, said he was encouraged by the committee's findings.
The magazine of Focus on the Family, a multimedia ministry, called Jefferson's wall ``flimsy.''
It's a lot easier to look up something on lighthouses, for example, if you can just go to one place and browse.
Participants will discuss national and global information infrastructure, information technology, library information science education, and book and copyright protection.
But at the American Memory site, the Washington letters can be seen in their original form.
