 Under criminal investigation in Maryland,   Linda Tripp is returning to the Pentagon to a different job than  the one she had a year ago when her secret tape-recordings  triggered the Monica Lewinsky scandal.
 A Maryland grand jury investigating Linda Tripp subpoenaed one of her lawyers Friday, demanding that he produce any tape recordings Tripp made of former White House intern Monica Lewinsky.
Two people close to Mrs. Tripp said she is disgusted by the suggestions in the media that she recorded her conversations with Ms. Lewinsky to try to write a book.
Starr said his office did not  act on it that he did not believe the information on Jan. 8, 1998  included any mention of Linda Tripp's name.
Mrs. Tripp's federal immunity from prosecution from independent   counsel Kenneth Starr may not save her from the Maryland  prosecutor, who is gathering evidence independent of the tapes and  her sworn testimony to Starr.
Once, early in 1997, when Clinton ignored Lewinsky for a time, Lewinsky e-mailed Tripp of her worries about the relationship.
And yet Tripp stood on the steps of the courthouse after testifying before Starr's federal grand jury last month and declared: ``I never, ever asked to be placed in this position.''
The probe was triggered by Tripp's 20 hours of secretly recorded phone calls with Lewinsky in which the former intern confided an alleged affair with President Bill Clinton.
Linda ``Just Like You'' Tripp now stands accused of a crime, a minor one to be sure: tape-recording a telephone conversation without the other party's knowledge or permission.
They also bought her this criminal charge in the state of Maryland, which took exception to her violations of its laws against wiretapping.
``When that news got out, you could hear women gasp all over America,'' Traeder said.
It was Tripp who reportedly baited the perjury trap by providing information about Lewinsky to lawyers in Paula Jones' sexual harassment lawsuit against Clinton.
``And this is an average American's point of view: President Clinton is on my time, right now.
