Calling it a success story on a par with the comeback of the bald eagle, federal wildlife officials announced Tuesday that the gray wolf, hunted nearly to extinction a century ago, has rebounded enough to no longer be considered an endangered species in most of the country.
Although it might be possible for wolves to move naturally back into the Northeast from Canada, little migration has been detected.
If the restoration program survives the court challenge, the Northern Rockies wolf population can be removed from protection under the Endangered Species Act when there have been at least 100 wolves and 10 packs in each of the three recovery areas.
It also represents the first step toward eventually turning over management of the species, Canis lupus, in many places to state wildlife agencies.
Ironically, recent studies of wolves in Yellowstone National Park show the one way to effectively remove coyotes is the reintroduction of wolves.
&QL;  WOLF KILLED-ARIZONA  - Someone killed yet another endangered Mexican gray wolf in eastern Arizona, federal officials said Tuesday, the fifth lobo killed since the wolves were brought back to the wild this year.
Of the first batch of 11 released in March, five were shot, two are missing and presumed dead, and the rest had to be recaptured for their safety while biologists reworked the program.
The wolf release program was opposed by the ranching associations of New Mexico and Arizona, the governors of both states and by votes of county commissioners in 11 counties.
``You could remove all the wolves,'' he said, ``but you couldn't catch them all alive.''
Under the plan, wolf habitat in the lower 48 states would be divided into four regions, with separate recovery plans for each.
The Fish and Wildlife Service plans this month to propose dropping the wolf a significant notch under the Endangered Species Act, from endangered to threatened, in all but a small part of its range.
Federal officials said there  have been other instances where wolves chased cattle but were  driven off by people.
