The Agriculture Department first proposed a set of national organic standards in 1997 but withdrew them after farmers and others in the $6 billion-a-year organic industry strongly objected to allowing biotech crops, irradiation and sewage sludge.
Products grown and processed according to the standards and contain at least 95 percent organic ingredients will be allowed to carry a seal of approval that says, ''USDA Certified Organic.''
The aim of the council's campaign, which already has backing   from more than 200 corporate, government and voluntary  organizations around the world, is to get ``market power behind the  battle to save our fishing stocks,'' Gummer said.
The new standards, intended to replace a hodgepodge of state and private rules, also would prohibit the use of antibiotics in livestock production and require the use of organic feed.
 New federal rules for organic food will assure consumers that the products are grown and processed to the same standards nationwide.
One reader was anxious about the pesticides in strawberries, and whether cooking the fruit reduced any risk.
The government is planning to issue rules prohibiting the label   ``organic'' for any food that is irradiated, genetically engineered  or treated with antibiotics.
As people have gone online to research their own health and alternative medicines in particular, pet owners have also educated themselves about pet-care options on hundreds of informational Web sites.
``We're looking toward the future,'' White said of the chain's commitment to organic growth.
Last year, when the Agriculture Department proposed national standards for organic food that included genetically altered food, more than 200,000 comments were received protesting the proposed regulations.
 including such natural food chains   as Whole Foods Market -- still don't require certification for  processed food.
Sixty-three percent of shoppers surveyed in January said they would be very or somewhat likely to buy a new variety of produce that had been genetically engineered to resist insect damage.
