Scientists said Tuesday's earthquake was along the Anatolia Fault, a 100-mile arc that winds beneath northwestern provinces near Istanbul.
In Izmit region, where the epicenter situated, 3,261 people were killed and 11,759 injured.
The death toll in the 7.4-magnitude quake has surpassed 12,000   and some officials have predicted as many as 40,000 could have  died.
 Some 27 aftershocks have jolted western Turkey in the past several hours after a strong earthquake rocked the area early in the day, Turkish news reports said mid Tuesday.
Over 10,000 people are estimated to be still trapped in the ruins of the destroyed buildings and houses in the stricken provinces of Istanbul, Kocaeli , Sakarya , Yalova, Bursa, Bolu, Eskisehir, Zonguldak, and Tekirdag.
The government has taken extensive measures to prepare for a new quake, which seismologists warn could happen at any time.
Those patients who were beyond the treatment were sent to Istanbul or the Turkish capital of Ankara.
With the added impetus of this quake, he said, ``we'll push on with it.''
But international relief workers are worried that this is not enough to care for the hundreds of thousands of people who will never be able to go home.
Buildings were reported to have collapsed in all three cities, which were devastated by the Aug. 17 quake.
Experts say each day remaining factories like the Goodyear plant   remain idle leads to a loss of $300 million.
Some of the survivors, who had been buried under rubble for days and were rescued recently, had developed kidney problems due to lack of water.
Personnel manager Harun Savas said the plant is offering tea and   sandwiches to workers who come in to help assess damage.
The quake almost leveled parts of Izmit, 60 miles east of Istanbul, as well as other towns in western Turkey.
``Naturally I sympathize with the victims and their families, but I don't understand why I'm being made a scapegoat.
 some of which were built by people who put in all their savings as an investment _ need to be torn down and which ones can be reinforced.
