Brown said Wednesday he is appealing the Internal Revenue Service demand, which was made in September, because ex-football star O.J.
The California Supreme Court ruled in February that the custody   case could go back to court for a second trial because a judge had  failed to hear evidence about the slayings of Simpson's former  wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend, Ronald Goldman.
In February 1997, a civil jury found Simpson liable for the stabbing deaths of Ronald Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson.
I'm a Heisman Trophy winner,'' said Cohen, a real estate developer who last played football in the ninth grade.
Jeff Zucker, the executive producer of ``Today,'' said Simpson was doing the interviews to ``publicize the start of this Web site.''
Simpson's lawyer, Bernard Leckie, said Monday that an agreement   giving custody to Simpson was ready to be signed.
He said he objects to the auction of Simpson's possessions to   help satisfy the $33.5 million civil court judgment against him.
Bailey said Friday, during testimony in a Florida courtroom where his license to practice law is being challenged, that shortly after the June 1994 slayings of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman he received a telephone call from Los Angeles defense attorney Robert Shapiro.
He added, ``I think he knows he's going to be sitting with people who believe he's a murderer.''
They  won a civil wrongful death suit after Simpson was acquitted of the  murders in criminal court.
Marjorie Fuller, the attorney representing the children, said   Tuesday she has not been involved in the negotiations but believes  an agreement is close.
``If   any of them had the money to properly defend themselves, maybe they  wouldn't have had to spend any time in jail.''
Those who sign on to his ''chat room'' will pay a fee to talk with him.
``One of the first reasons was I wanted to impress my   girlfriend,'' Kriessman said.
Schiller says neither Simpson nor anyone else was promised prior approval on the book or script.
``I don't know if we would have gone out on a limb to be the first to put him on.
